Source edit_billing_agreement_jwt from the client token for PayPal Edit FI (#1844)
braintree/braintree_ios: CHANGELOG.md

# Braintree iOS SDK Release Notes

## unreleased
* BraintreePayPal

>   * Send `edit_billing_agreement_jwt` on `create_payment_resource` for the PayPal Edit FI flow, sourced from the client token

Reviewer: nit: 
```suggestion
  * Send the `edit_billing_agreement_jwt` sourced from the client token for the PayPal Edit FI beta flow"
```

Author: Applied, thanks.
